
Recipes for beef, butter
========================
  
  - Bacon Wrapped Filet Mignons  
  - Filet Mignan With Cognac Sauce  
  - New York Strip With Beurre Maitre D'hotel  
  - Ginger and Lime Cheesecake  
  - Entrecote Steak with Asparagus
## Bacon Wrapped Filet Mignons
  
Ready in 45 mins | Servings: 4
### Ingredients
  
  - 2 tablespoons butter  
  - 1 teaspoon parsley flakes  
  - 1 teaspoon instant minced onion  
  - 4 beef tenderloins, 1" to 1 ½" thick  
  - 4 slices bacon
### Equipment
  
  - broiler  
  - broiler pan
### Instructions
  
  - Step 1: Preheat broiler. Melt butter and add parsley and onion. Wrap bacon slice around fillets. (Use more bacon if desired.)
  
  - Step 2: Place meat on broiler pan 3" to 4" from heat. Broil 5 to 7 minutes each side for rare. Broil 8 to 10 minutes each side for medium.
  
  - Step 3: Brush with butter mixture occasionally during cooking.

## Filet Mignan With Cognac Sauce
  
Ready in 45 mins | Servings: 2
### Ingredients
  
  - 2 ounces – 4 beef tenderloin steaks  
  - 1/2 tablespoon Montreal Steak Seasoning  
  - 1/2 cup Beef Broth  
  - 2 ounces Fl. Cognac  
  - 2 tablespoons butter  
  - 1/4 cup green oninons (chopped)  
  - 1/4 cup green oninons (chopped)
### Equipment
  
  - oven  
  - frying pan  
  - aluminum foil
### Instructions
  
  - Step 1: Heat oven to 35
  
  - Step 2: Use Montreal Steak Seasoning as a dry rub. In a steel skillet, add oil and heat to medium-high heat.
  
  - Step 3: Add steaks and sear the top and bottom until one
  
  - Step 4: Remove from skillet and place on a plate and cover with aluminum foil.
  
  - Step 5: Return skillet to burner over medium heat.
  
  - Step 6: Add green onions an let them sizzle for a moment.
  
  - Step 7: Pour in the beef broth and the cognac. Using a wire wisk, remove all bits from bottom of pan . Once at boil, lower heat to reduce sauce by 1/
  
  - Step 8: Add butter. Swirl steaks in the juices before serving.
  
  - Step 9: Transfer steak to plate and spoon sauce over meat.

## New York Strip With Beurre Maitre D'hotel
  
Ready in 45 mins | Servings: 6
### Ingredients
  
  - 1/4 teaspoon freshly-ground black pepper  
  - 2 stk unsalted butter room temperature  
  - 1/4 cup minced fresh parsley  
  - 3 teaspoons fresh lemon juice  
  - Essence to taste  
  - 4 pounds boneless beef New York strip roast fat trimmed  
  - 1/2 teaspoon salt
### Equipment
  
  - grill  
  - oven  
  - baking sheet  
  - kitchen thermometer
### Instructions
  
  - Step 1: Preheat a grill or the oven to 450 degrees.
  
  - Step 2: Sprinkle the meat with Essence, salt, and pepper, on both sides.
  
  - Step 3: Place on the hot grill and cook to desired doneness, turning once, about 1 hour 30 minutes for medium-rare. An instant-read thermometer inserted into thickest part of meat registers 130 degrees for medium-rare, or 140 degrees for medium. (Alternately, roast on a rack set on a baking sheet for 15 minutes in a 450 degree oven. Lower the temperature to 350 degrees and continue to cook for about 1 hour to 1 hour 15 minutes for medium-rare.)
  
  - Step 4: Remove from oven; let stand 20 minutes.

## Ginger and Lime Cheesecake
  
Ready in 45 mins | Servings: 1
### Ingredients
  
  - 250 ml double cream  
  - 300 grams full fat soft cheese  
  - Chopped ginger  
  - 4 tablespoons ginger syrup  
  - 8 pieces Opies stem ginger  
  - 225 grams ginger biscuits - crushed  
  - Icing Sugar  
  - 2 limes - juice and rind  
  - Lime zest  
  - 115 grams unsalted butter - melted
### Equipment

### Instructions
  
  - Step 1: Mix the biscuits with the melted butter and press 40  50g into the bases of each 9cm individual ring mould.Chill in the refrigerator for approximately 1 hour.Lightly whip the cream and then mix in the cream cheese and ginger syrup and lime juice.
  
  - Step 2: Add the stem ginger and lime zest and mix in thoroughly.Spoon onto the biscuit bases and spread evenly over the surface.Chill in a refrigerator for 2- 3 hours until firm.To serve  place the cheesecake on a serving plate and carefully remove from the mould.
  
  - Step 3: Sprinkle a small amount of lime zest on the surface and then carefully arrange the chopped ginger around the edge of the plate.Lightly dust with icing sugar.

## Entrecote Steak with Asparagus
  
Ready in 60 mins | Servings: 2
### Ingredients
  
  - 300g green asparagus  
  - 2 200g beef tenderloin  
  - 3 tablespoons of butter  
  - 3 tablespoons coconut oil (for frying)  
  - 4 cloves of garlic  
  - kosher salt  
  - 2 tablespoons olive oil (for marinading the steaks)  
  - 2 small onions  
  - pepper  
  - pepper
### Equipment
  
  - paper towels  
  - frying pan
### Instructions
  
  - Step 1: Take the steaks out of the fridge 45 minutes before frying them.Dry the meat with paper towels.Rub kosher salt and pepper with the olive oil into the steaks, let them sit and get to room temperature.
  
  - Step 2: Cut the asparagus and fry in a pan for about 10 minutes under medium heat. Salt and pepper the asparagus.
  
  - Step 3: Heat up a cast iron pan under high heat and put in the coconut oil (it has a higher smoking point than olive oil). Make sure the pan is smoking hot.Fry the onions (cut into rings) and take them out again.Put in the steaks and fry them for about 2-3 minutes on each side, flipping them every 60 seconds for even heat distribution.When the steaks are almost done, reduce heat to medium, throw in roughly chopped garlic and the butter.Stir butter and garlic in the pan and scoop the buttery garlic goodness over the steaks a couple of times.When done, take the steaks out and let them sit for 3 minutes next to the served asparagus (juices need to settle). If you can't take it anymore to look at your perfect steak, eat up!
