
Recipes for chicken, cabbage
============================
  
  - Lemon and Garlic Slow Roasted Chicken  
  - Slow Cooker Rosemary Whole Chicken  
  - All Day Simple Slow-Cooker FALL OFF the BONE Ribs
## Lemon and Garlic Slow Roasted Chicken
  
Ready in 45 mins | Servings: 6
### Ingredients
  
  - 1 large chicken weighing about 2.3kg  
  - 2 bulbs garlic  
  - 2 large lemons  
  - 1 tablespoon fruity olive oil  
  - 1 salt and freshly ground black pepper  
  - 2 tablespoons sunflower oil
### Equipment
  
  - oven  
  - plastic wrap  
  - frying pan  
  - wok  
  - wok
### Instructions
  
  - Step 1: 2 X 300g packets mushroom or italian style stir fry or stir fry vegetables of your own choice finely shredded
  
  - Step 2: Aga equipment:small roasting tin on third set of runners in roasting oventhen second set of runners in simmering oven
  
  - Step 3: Trim the leg tips and wing tips from the chicken and remove any excess fat from the neck of the bird (keep the chicken fat if you are likely to make a confit in the next few days).Season the chicken inside and out.Separate the garlic into cloves but do not bother to peel them.
  
  - Step 4: Place about two thirds of the cloves inside the chicken and the rest in the bottom of the roasting tin sitting the chicken on top of them.Pare the zest from the lemons and cover it in plastic wrap for later use as a garnish.Rub the juice into the chicken inside and out then rub the olive oil over the breast.Roast the chicken quickly for 30 minutes then transfer it to the simmering ovenand cook for at least 4 hours.Stand for 10 to 15 minutes before carving or if you have left the chicken for six hours or more pulling the joints apart for serving.
  
  - Step 5: Heat a wok or large frying pan for 5 minutes on the floor of the roasting ovenwhile the chicken is standing.
  
  - Step 6: Transfer the wok to the boiling plateand add the sunflower oil.Stir fry the vegetables in the oil for 3 to 4 minutes then serve the chicken on the vegetables or mixed in with them if the meat has fallen off the bone.I often cook chicken with lemon and tarragon but the flavour of this pungent herb is lost if the cooking period is too long. So for slow aga roasting I use a mixture of lemon and garlic.
  
  - Step 7: Serves 6

## Slow Cooker Rosemary Whole Chicken
  
Ready in 45 mins | Servings: 3
### Ingredients
  
  - 1 package fresh Rosemary (using only 2 stems)  
  - 2 large lemons  
  - 1 medium onion  
  - 1 cup water  
  - 1 4-5lb whole chicken
### Equipment

### Instructions
  
  - Step None: None

## All Day Simple Slow-Cooker FALL OFF the BONE Ribs
  
Ready in 45 mins | Servings: 4
### Ingredients
  
  - 2 Large Slabs of Pork Ribs  
  - ¼ Cup Broth (Beef or Chicken-either works fine, you could even use water)  
  - 40 oz. Bottle of your favorite BBQ Sauce *I didn't need that much but it's what I had and didn't measure but it leaves extra for dipping.  
  - Salt, Pepper and Garlic Powder to taste
### Equipment
  
  - baking sheet  
  - aluminum foil  
  - broiler
### Instructions
  
  - Step 1: Portion 2 slabs to allow them to fit in the slow-cooker easily.
  
  - Step 2: Season each piece with salt, pepper and onion salt.
  
  - Step 3: Cover bottom of Slow-cooker with BBQ sauce
  
  - Step 4: Add broth. (I only do this so the BBQ sauce doesnt burn up and this step could possibly be skipped)
  
  - Step 5: Place sectioned/portioned ribs into slow-cooker, brushing them with BBQ sauce as you set them in.
  
  - Step 6: Layer them in so they all fit.
  
  - Step 7: Cook on low for 8-10 hours or until they fall off the bone.
  
  - Step 8: Remove from slow-cooker and transfer them to a foil lined baking sheet.
  
  - Step 9: Brush each portion with BBQ sauce
  
  - Step 10: Broil for 5 minutes or until the sauce starts to bubble and caramelize.
  
  - Step 11: Remove from broiler let cool slightly
  
  - Step 12: ENJOY!!!!!
