
Recipes for fish, spinach
=========================
  
  - Steamed Plaice & Spinach Rolls  
  - Salmon Frittata  
  - Linguine with Prawns, Fresh Tomatoes and Spinach
## Steamed Plaice & Spinach Rolls
  
Ready in 45 mins | Servings: 3
### Ingredients
  
  - Plaice fillets (cut into halves to make smaller rolls), 2-3  
  - Coriander (to garnish), 1-2 sprig  
  - Garlic (chopped), 1 clove  
  - tablespoon Oyster sauce, 1  
  - Spinach (chopped), 60g – 80g  
  - tablespoon Vegetable oil, 1  
  - White pepper, to taste
### Equipment

### Instructions
  
  - Step 1: Place fillets (cut into halves to make smaller rolls), 2-3Spinach (chopped), 60g  80gOyster sauce, 1 tbsp
  
  - Step 2: White pepper, to taste
  
  - Step 3: Garlic (chopped), 1 clove
  
  - Step 4: Vegetable oil, 1 tbsp
  
  - Step 5: Coriander (to garnish), 1-2 sprig

## Salmon Frittata
  
Ready in 45 mins | Servings: 4
### Ingredients
  
  - 2 cans canned salmon  
  - 1/4 teaspoon Cayenne pepper  
  - 1 teaspoon Dried basil  
  - 12 Eggs, beaten  
  - 10 ounces Frozen chopped spinach thawed and drained  
  - 1 pint Nonfat cottage cheese  
  - 2 cups Shredded Swiss cheese
### Equipment
  
  - baking pan  
  - oven
### Instructions
  
  - Step 1: Drain and flake salmon. Spray 9 x 13-inch baking pan with non-stick vegetable coating.
  
  - Step 2: Combine flaked salmon with remaining ingredients and pour into prepared baking pan.
  
  - Step 3: Bake at 375 F for 30 minutes, or until frittata is set.

## Linguine with Prawns, Fresh Tomatoes and Spinach
  
Ready in 45 mins | Servings: 4
### Ingredients
  
  - 1/2 package fresh baby spinach stems removed and cleaned  
  - 1 pound of Fettuccine Barilla  
  - 1 garlic clove  
  - 1/4 cup Olive oil  
  - 1 tablespoon freshly chopped parsley  
  - 1 pound of fresh prawns, shell and tail removes and deveined  
  - Salt and Pepper to taste  
  - 4 fresh tomatoes, seed removed and chopped  
  - 2 teaspoons unsalted butter  
  - 1/2 cup White wine
### Equipment
  
  - frying pan
### Instructions
  
  - Step 1: Cook the Linguine according to package direction.In a large skillet under medium heat melt the butter with the olive oil.
  
  - Step 2: Add the chopped tomatoes, chopped parsley, chopped garlic and saute until slightly tender.
  
  - Step 3: Add the spinach, the wine and the prawns.
  
  - Step 4: Saute until the prawns are pink and the spinach wilted.
  
  - Step 5: Drain the pasta, add it to the skillet and mix well.
  
  - Step 6: Serve hot.
