
Recipes for fish, butter
========================
  
  - Poached Prawns with Fettuccine and French String Beans  
  - Filet Of Sole With A Brown Butter Rose Sauce  
  - Pan-seared salmon with brown butter lime sauce and roasted asparagus
## Poached Prawns with Fettuccine and French String Beans
  
Ready in 45 mins | Servings: 4
### Ingredients
  
  - Fettuccine  
  - tablespoon of lemon juice  
  - 1 pound uncooked prawns  
  - Salt and pepper  
  - 1 can French string beans  
  - 5 to 6 tablespoons unsalted butter  
  - 1 quart Water
### Equipment
  
  - frying pan
### Instructions
  
  - Step 1: Cook pasta according the packaging directions.
  
  - Step 2: Drain and add the string beans and 1 tablespoon butter and stir well.In a skillet add water and bring to boil point and start adding the butter, tablespoon at the time to emulsify. Once all the butter is melted add the prawns and poach  just below simmer- until the prawns are cooked and turn a nice pink color. Season with salt and pepper.
  
  - Step 3: Remove the prawn leaving the juice in the skillet.
  
  - Step 4: Add the pasta with the French string beans to the skillet and stir to coat the fettuccine well.
  
  - Step 5: Place pasta in the middle of the plate and place the prawns over it with any juices.

## Filet Of Sole With A Brown Butter Rose Sauce
  
Ready in 45 mins | Servings: 2
### Ingredients
  
  - 3 tablespoons butter  
  - 2 ounces flour  
  - 2 teaspoons chopped fresh chives  
  - juice of 1 lemon  
  - 1 pound fresh fillet of sole  
  - 3 tablespoons rosé wine
### Equipment
  
  - paper towels  
  - frying pan
### Instructions
  
  - Step 1: Wash and pat fillets dry with paper towels
  
  - Step 2: Heat butter over medium high heat until bubbly in a large skillet
  
  - Step 3: Pile flour on a plate, dredge fillets in flour and shake off any excess
  
  - Step 4: Slip floured fillets into bubbly butter, when slightly brown on one side, flip over and allow the other side to brown
  
  - Step 5: When brown on both sides remove fillets
  
  - Step 6: Pour wine and lemon juice into the butter
  
  - Step 7: Allow to cook over medium high heat until it is reduced by 1/2Spoon sauce over fillets
  
  - Step 8: Sprinkle with chives.
  
  - Step 9: Serve and enjoy!

## Pan-seared salmon with brown butter lime sauce and roasted asparagus
  
Ready in 45 mins | Servings: 4
### Ingredients
  
  - 500g / 1 lb asparagus spears  
  - 3 ounces butter  
  - 85g / 6 tbsp butter  
  - 2 teaspoons minced Garlic  
  - 3 to 5 tbsp freshly squeezed lime juice (to taste)  
  - Olive oil  
  - 4 salmon fillets, at room temperature  
  - Salt & pepper
### Equipment
  
  - frying pan
### Instructions
  
  - Step 1: In a frying pan, melt the butter over medium-high heat. Once your pan is piping hot, carefully place the salmon (lay it away from you, not towards you or you might get burnt by the butter) and cook 3-5 minutes on each side, until salmon has cooked through.
