
Recipes for kale, lemon, peas
=============================
  
  - Cod with Chickpeas, Leeks, Baby Kale and Seared Cherry Tomatoes  
  - Red Quinoa, Kale, Blood Orange and Pom Salad With Meyer Lemon Vinaigrette  
  - Kale and Chickpea Soup with Lemon
## Cod with Chickpeas, Leeks, Baby Kale and Seared Cherry Tomatoes
  
Ready in 45 mins | Servings: 4
### Ingredients
  
  - 15 oz. can chickpeas, rinsed and drained  
  - 1 T. canola oil, divided  
  - pint of cherry tomatoes, halved if large  
  - 1/3 c. low-sodium chicken broth (water can be subbed)  
  - 1 1/2 - 2 lb. cod fillet, cut into serving-size servings  
  - 1/2 c. flour  
  - 1 clove of garlic, minced  
  - 5 oz. pkg, baby kale  
  - 2 1/2 c. thinly sliced leeks, about 3 medium, white and light green parts only  
  - 1 Tbs lemon juice  
  - lemon wedges, for serving  
  - 1 Tbs olive oil  
  - salt & pepper  
  - 1/2 t. sugar  
  - 1 T. unsalted butter, divided
### Equipment
  
  - frying pan  
  - paper towels
### Instructions
  
  - Step 1: Heat  2 t. olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over med-high heat until very hot and the oil is just nearing the smoking point. Toss the tomatoes with 1/2 t. sugar and a sprinkle of salt & pepper.
  
  - Step 2: Add to the pan and saute until the tomatoes just begin to burst and become lightly blistered. 1-2 minutes.
  
  - Step 3: Transfer to a plate, set aside.Reduce heat to medium, add remaining 2 t. olive oil and 1/2 T. butter and the leeks.
  
  - Step 4: Saute the leeks until very soft, about 10 minutes, add garlic, saute about 1 minute.
  
  - Step 5: Add the chickpeas and chicken broth, reduce the heat to med-low, cover the pan and let the chickpeas warm through for a bout 5 minutes. Uncover, add the baby kale, cook and stir until just wilted, this takes only a couple minutes. Stir in remaining 1/2 T. butter and 2 t. lemon juice, adjust the seasoning. Gently fold in the cherry tomatoes. Cover pan and keep warm until serving time.Cook the fish: Meanwhile, pat the fish dry and season with salt & pepper. Dredge the fish in the flour and pat off the excess.
  
  - Step 6: Heat another pan over med-high heat.
  
  - Step 7: Add 1 1/2 t. canola oil and 1 1/2 t. butter. (Butter should foam up and start to brown and smell nutty.)
  
  - Step 8: Add half the fish and cook until browned and cooked through, 2-3 minutes per side.
  
  - Step 9: Remove first batch of fish to a clean plate, wipe out the skillet with paper towel. Return pan to the heat and repeat this step with the remaining butter, canola oil and fish.
  
  - Step 10: Serve with the chickpea saute and lemon wedges.

## Red Quinoa, Kale, Blood Orange and Pom Salad With Meyer Lemon Vinaigrette
  
Ready in 45 mins | Servings: 4
### Ingredients
  
  - 2 cups water  
  - Juice and zest of 1 Meyer lemon  
  - Salt  
  - 1 cup red quinoa  
  - 1 tablespoon olive oil  
  - 2 shallots, sliced into strips  
  - 1 bunch black kale  
  - 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar  
  - Zest of 2 Meyer Lemons  
  - 3 inches small blood oranges, cut ⅛s  
  - 1 package pomegranate seeds, one 8-ounce package  
  - 1 15-ounce can garbanzo beans  
  - Zest of 2 Meyer lemons (juice reserved)  
  - 2 tablespoons honey  
  - 1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil  
  - 2 tablespoons Meyer lemon juice  
  - 2 tablespoons blood orange juice  
  - 4 tablespoons citrus champagne vinegar or apple cider vinegar  
  - 2 tablespoons vegetable (or chicken) stock (it gives the dressing more  
  - Salt and Pepper to taste
### Equipment
  
  - frying pan  
  - whisk  
  - bowl
### Instructions
  
  - Step 1: Bring 2 cups of water to a boil.
  
  - Step 2: Add zest and juice of 1 meyer lemon and salt and stir into water.
  
  - Step 3: Add quinoa and cook according to package directions.
  
  - Step 4: Wash kale and let dry. Pull the leaves off of the tough center stem and slice into small ribbons.
  
  - Step 5: Meanwhile, in a large skilled heat olive oil and add shallots. Saut for about 3 minutes until just softened.
  
  - Step 6: Add kale and stir just long enough for the kale to wilt, about 1 minute.
  
  - Step 7: Add vinegar and lemon zest, stir and cook for 1 minute longer.
  
  - Step 8: Remove pan from the heat.
  
  - Step 9: Add orange slices, pomegranate seeds, garbanzo beans and cooked quinoa.
  
  - Step 10: In a large bowl, whisk together lemon zest, honey, olive oil, lemon juice, orange juice, vinegar, stock, salt and pepper. Toss with salad (there may be some extra vinaigrette).

## Kale and Chickpea Soup with Lemon
  
Ready in 45 mins | Servings: 4
### Ingredients
  
  - 2 banana shallots  
  - 1 bay leaf  
  - 1 400g can of chickpeas drained  
  - 1 stick of celery  
  - ¼ tsp of chilli flakes  
  - Toasted crusty bread  
  - 1 garlic clove, peeled  
  - Juice of 1/2 lemon  
  - 200g bag of chopped kale  
  - lemon slices  
  - 1 Tbsp olive oil  
  - Grated parmesan cheese  
  - 2 stalks of rosemary  
  - Salt to taste  
  - 800ml hot stock
### Equipment
  
  - dutch oven  
  - sauce pan  
  - frying pan  
  - knife  
  - blender
### Instructions
  
  - Step 1: Set a dutch oven or large saucepan over medium heat; pour in the olive oil.Finely dice the shallots and add to the pan, stirring to coat with the oil.Make 4 or 5 long horizontal slices in the celery stalk and dice.
  
  - Step 2: Add this to the pan and stir.Finely chop the rosemary leaves and stir into the pan together with the bay leaf and the chilli flakes.Peel the garlic clove and using the flat of your knife and the heel of your hand, crush so that it is still whole and add to pan.
  
  - Step 3: Add the chickpeas and the kale and stir.
  
  - Step 4: Pour in the hot stock, let it come to a boil and turn down the heat.
  
  - Step 5: Let it simmer for 20 minutes until the kale is tender. Squeeze in  the juice of half a lemon. Check the seasoning and adjust to taste. You might want more lemon or salt  it all depends on what you have used for the stock.Working in batches or in the pan itself if you have a stick blender, blitz until you have the texture you like. I like mine to still have a few chickpeas and pieces of kale through it so I set aside a couple of ladlefuls and used a stick blender to blitz the rest.
  
  - Step 6: Serve hot, floating a couple of slices of lemon on top of each serving and pass round the parmesan cheese for everyone to help themselves. Lovely with toasted crusty bread.
