
Recipes for pork, lemon
=======================
  
  - Trout wrapped in bacon  
  - Mexican Carnitas  
  - Garam Masala Pork Chops with Mint Yogurt and Spiced Couscous
## Trout wrapped in bacon
  
Ready in 45 mins | Servings: 4
### Ingredients
  
  - 4 trout, gutted (about 800 g)  
  - Juice of ½ lemon  
  - 4 fresh thyme sprigs  
  - 8 thin rashers (strips) rindless streaky bacon  
  - Salt and ground black pepper  
  - Fresh parsley, chopped, to garnish  
  - Lemon wedges, to serve  
  - Butter, for greasing
### Equipment
  
  - knife  
  - oven
### Instructions
  
  - Step 1: Squeeze lemon juice over the skin and inside the cavity of each fish, season all over with salt and ground black pepper, then put a thyme sprig in each cavity.
  
  - Step 2: Stretch each bacon rasher using the back of a knife, then wrap two rashers around each fish.
  
  - Step 3: Place the fish in a shallow ovenproof dish, lightly greased with butter, with the loose ends of bacon tucked underneath to prevent them from unwinding.
  
  - Step 4: Bake the trout for 15-20 minutes in an oven at 200C, until the flesh flakes easily tested with the point of a sharp knife and the bacon is crisp an beginning to brown.
  
  - Step 5: Transfer the fish to warmed individual plates and serve immediately garnished with chopped parsley and sprigs of thyme and accompanied by lemon wedges.

## Mexican Carnitas
  
Ready in 45 mins | Servings: 12
### Ingredients
  
  - warm flour tortillas  
  - 1/2 cup fresh cilantro, chopped  
  - 6 large clv garlic, minced  
  - guacamole  
  - inch cubes  
  - 1 large lemon  
  - oil for frying  
  - 3 large oranges, divided  
  - pepper to taste  
  - pepper to taste  
  - 1 boneless pork blade or shoulder roast (3 to 4 lb  
  - Salt to taste  
  - 1 1/2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese
### Equipment
  
  - roasting pan  
  - slotted spoon  
  - paper towels  
  - oven  
  - frying pan
### Instructions
  
  - Step 1: Place meat in a medium-size roasting pan.
  
  - Step 2: Sprinkle with garlic & cilantro. Season with salt & pepper.Squeeze the juice from 1 orange & the lemon over the meat.Slice the remaining oranges & place over the meat.Cover & bake at 350 degrees for about 2 hours or until meat is tender.With a slotted spoon, remove meat & drain well on paper towels.
  
  - Step 3: Heat a small amount of oil in a skillet & fry meat, 1 lb at a time until brown & crispy.
  
  - Step 4: Serve warm in flour tortillas garnished with cheese, salsa, & guacamole.

## Garam Masala Pork Chops with Mint Yogurt and Spiced Couscous
  
Ready in 45 mins | Servings: 4
### Ingredients
  
  - 1 tablespoon Cayenne pepper, ground  
  - 1 1/3 cup chicken broth  
  - 2/3 cup couscous  
  - 10 fresh mint leaves  
  - 4 tbsp. garam masala spices*  
  - 1 tsp. ground cumin  
  - 4 6-oz. lean pork loin chops  
  - 1 lemon  
  - 2 tablespoons olive oil  
  - 4 tsp. raisins  
  - Salt to taste  
  - 2 tsp. sesame seeds  
  - 1/2 cup Greek style yogurt
### Equipment
  
  - broiler  
  - grill  
  - aluminum foil  
  - sauce pan
### Instructions
  
  - Step 1: Chops:Trim pork chops of excess fat. Rub garam masala into chops (both sides).
  
  - Step 2: Place on a plate, cover and refrigerate for 6-8 hours, to allow flavors to penetrate.Chop the mint and stir into the yogurt and refrigerate for the same period as the pork chops.Preheat broiler. Spray broiler rack with nonstick cooking spray. Broil chops for about 5 minutes each side. Alternately, grill chops over direct heat until well marked on both sides, move to indirect heat, cover loosely in foil, and cook until internal temp reaches 145F.
  
  - Step 3: Remove from heat and allow to rest 3 minutes.
  
  - Step 4: Serve with mint yogurt.Note: *Garam Masala is available in specialty stores and many larger grocery stores.Spiced Couscous:In a medium saucepan bring the broth, raisins, olive oil, cumin, cayenne and salt to a boil. Stir in the couscous, bring back to a boil, cover and remove from the heat. Set aside for 5 minutes.Juice the lemon and stir into the couscous with the sesame seeds.
  
  - Step 5: Serve.
